[docs] CDC outline and hierarchy (#17030)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/cdc-tutorials/cdc-confluent-cloud.md

---
title: Confluent Cloud tutorial for YugabyteDB CDC
headerTitle: Confluent Cloud
linkTitle: Confluent Cloud
description: Confluent Cloud for Change Data Capture in YugabyteDB.
headcontent: 
beta: /preview/faq/general/#what-is-the-definition-of-the-beta-feature-tag
menu:
  preview:
    parent: cdc-tutorials
    identifier: cdc-confluent-cloud
    weight: 30
type: docs
---

> The following tutorial describes how to configure a YugabyteDB connector to publish changes to Confluent Cloud. The tutorial assumes some familiarity with Docker and YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial describes how to configure a YugabyteDB connector to publish changes to Confluent Cloud, and assumes some familiarity with Docker and YAML files.
```

![Architecture of YugabyteDB to Confluent Cloud pipeline](/images/explore/cdc/confluent_images/cdc_confluent_cloud.png)

### Configure a Confluent Cloud cluster

> First, you need to set up a Confluent Cloud cluster on the provider of your choice. For more information, refer to [Manage Kafka Clusters on Confluent Cloud](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/clusters/create-cluster.html) in the Confluent documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a Confluent Cloud cluster on the provider of your choice. For more information, refer to [Manage Kafka Clusters on Confluent Cloud](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/clusters/create-cluster.html) in the Confluent documentation.
```

                if [ $$curl_status -eq 200 ] ; then
                break
                fi
                sleep 5
            done
            #
            sleep infinity
    ```

    {{< note title="Using Schema Registry" >}}

If the configuration is such that it needs schema registry as well, then you need to add the following environment variables to the Docker compose file:

```yaml
CONNECT_KEY_CONVERTER: io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter
CONNECT_KEY_CONVERTER_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_URL: "https://SCHEMA-RGISTRY-CCLOUD-ENDPOINT.confluent.cloud"
CONNECT_KEY_CONVERTER_BASIC_AUTH_CREDENTIALS_SOURCE: "USER_INFO"
CONNECT_KEY_CONVERTER_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_BASIC_AUTH_USER_INFO: "SCHEMA_REGISTRY_USER:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PASSWORD"
CONNECT_VALUE_CONVERTER: io.confluent.connect.avro.AvroConverter
CONNECT_VALUE_CONVERTER_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_URL: "https://SCHEMA-REGISTRY-CCLOUD-ENDPOINT.confluent.cloud"
CONNECT_VALUE_CONVERTER_BASIC_AUTH_CREDENTIALS_SOURCE: "USER_INFO"
CONNECT_VALUE_CONVERTER_SCHEMA_REGISTRY_BASIC_AUTH_USER_INFO: "SCHEMA_REGISTRY_USER:SCHEMA_REGISTRY_PASSWORD"
```

    {{< /note >}}

    {{< note title="Using authentication and authorization" >}}

> To configure authentication, follow the instructions in [Configure Authentication for Confluent Platform with Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.confluent.io/ansible/current/ansible-authenticate.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To configure authentication, follow the instructions in [Configure Authentication for Confluent Platform with Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.confluent.io/ansible/current/ansible-authenticate.html).
```

> To configure authorization, follow the instructions in [Configure Authorization for Confluent Platform with Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.confluent.io/ansible/current/ansible-authorize.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To configure authorization, follow the instructions in [Configure Authorization for Confluent Platform with Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.confluent.io/ansible/current/ansible-authorize.html).
```

---
title: Confluent Cloud tutorial for YugabyteDB CDC
headerTitle: Confluent Cloud
linkTitle: Confluent Cloud
description: Confluent Cloud for Change Data Capture in YugabyteDB.
headcontent: 
beta: /preview/faq/general/#what-is-the-definition-of-the-beta-feature-tag
menu:
  preview:
    parent: cdc-tutorials
    identifier: cdc-confluent-cloud
    weight: 30
type: docs
---

> ## Confluent Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This tutorial describes how to configure a YugabyteDB connector to publish changes to Confluent Cloud. Simultaneously, this assumes some familiarity with Docker and YAML files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This following tutorial describes how to configure a YugabyteDB connector to publish changes to Confluent Cloud. The tutorial assumes some familiarity with Docker and YAML files.
```
